Today's trajectory we see he was taking a magic potion thinking that
this would help her well she discovered that there is no magic potion and knows of
there is no such thing as a remedy, but also whenever they accept
target of anyone except your parents to the doctor you will be running a
public at risk of their health and their lives.
they do not make problems appear
It only causes more problems.
as we just got turkeys he returned to the past to try to harm the
people
in reality no one can go back to the past and be only pretends but
we can learn from the past with things that have happened and try
applied to improve as human beings remember is the present day that
so please try to make it a better day until the next time, my
I wish all good health of good luck
Today I would like to talk to you about the courage.
also courage does not only mean being fearless facing the dangerous
also means having the strength to say no when some friends tried to take
you do something that you know is wrong
in brief courage
means to have principles and we also follow
there is whatever
until next time
Today's story was about some precious but valuable silver gold
It is called friendship when you have learned that the message can not be compared
This gift can make a person pretend to be your friend but do not
to deceive the true friend is someone who likes you for who you are
for your gifts so do not try to buy a friendship be yourself and
treat others with honesty respect there will be seen that the friends I did right
will be the real
I do not want to talk to you, it's a safety story when
we will braga lifeguards to ensure our safety guards of
traffic are on the streets for the same reason to protect us
these things are great but we can not always count on the baby to
protect us, we need to stay up all the time thinking
do not risk it is very important when you are going through
a street or driving the car
until the following week
in today's story the skeleton was looking for a shortcut a quick way
for kikitos of power
Maybe you know people like that, always looking for a fast way.
to get in front of everybody
but it does not work that way the people who succeed are those
who work for twitter
so make no mistake about those who say they know the fast way there is
always within the cast
do not be fooled the right way is the best way
until later
I love to eat
the history of the anti-hero also causes vicente close to nature
would be best part is that the wonderful ufsc is the best it gets clear
one should consult a doctor before doing any heavy duty exercise rita
and after Mass like any other big city just wanted to be able to
To say that everybody was already here we are 10 years see yourself and him
deserve
through your body and it will be good for you thought it would not exist now
half poster challenge
getúlio we want to talk to you about something very personal your body
In Petropolis I have a lot of love Marques Pereira
I do not want to go back
not so simple, I do not believe that this is a political crisis that
would be commanded by someone
if you are touched in this way do not end up telling anyone about your
trust as your parents and a doctor to your teacher with a close relative
Do you want to stay there?